Sure! Here are 100 C programming function-related problems that you can solve:

1. Write a function to find the factorial of a given number.
2. Write a function to calculate the sum of two numbers.
3. Write a function to find the maximum of three numbers.
4. Write a function to check if a given number is prime.
5. Write a function to check if a given string is a palindrome.
6. Write a function to reverse a given string.
7. Write a function to calculate the power of a given number.
8. Write a function to calculate the sum of the digits of a given number.
9. Write a function to calculate the average of a set of numbers.
10. Write a function to convert a string to uppercase.
11. Write a function to convert a string to lowercase.
12. Write a function to count the number of vowels in a given string.
13. Write a function to find the length of a string.
14. Write a function to check if a given year is a leap year.
15. Write a function to find the GCD (Greatest Common Divisor) of two numbers.
16. Write a function to check if a given number is Armstrong.
17. Write a function to find the square root of a given number.
18. Write a function to check if a given string is a valid email address.
19. Write a function to calculate the sum of all even numbers from 1 to N.
20. Write a function to find the smallest element in an array.
21. Write a function to check if a given number is a perfect number.
22. Write a function to find the length of an array.
23. Write a function to calculate the sum of the first N terms of a given series.
24. Write a function to calculate the product of two numbers.
25. Write a function to check if a given number is a perfect square.
26. Write a function to find the second largest element in an array.
27. Write a function to check if a given string is a substring of another string.
28. Write a function to print the reverse of a given array.
29. Write a function to calculate the sum of all odd numbers from 1 to N.
30. Write a function to find the third smallest element in an array.
31. Write a function to check if a given number is a perfect cube.
32. Write a function to find the average of an array.
33. Write a function to check if a given number is a prime palindrome.
34. Write a function to find the sum of all prime numbers from 1 to N.
35. Write a function to print a hollow square star pattern using nested loops.
36. Write a function to calculate the sum of the cubes of all numbers from 1 to N.
37. Write a function to find the fourth smallest element in an array.
38. Write a function to check if a given number is a palindrome using bitwise operations.
39. Write a function to find the largest and smallest elements in an array.
40. Write a function to check if a given number is a palindrome using a stack.
41. Write a function to calculate the sum of all numbers divisible by 3 or 5 from 1 to N.
42. Write a function to check if a given string is an anagram using a for loop.
43. Write a function to print the reverse of a given array using a while loop.
44. Write a function to calculate the sum of the squares of all numbers from 1 to N.
45. Write a function to find the fifth largest element in an array.
46. Write a function to check if a given number is a palindrome using a recursive function.
47. Write a function to print a mirrored right triangle pattern using nested loops.
48. Write a function to calculate the sum of all numbers divisible by 3 and 5 from 1 to N.
49. Write a function to check if a given string is a valid URL using a for loop.
50. Write a function to print the reverse of a given string using recursion.
51. Write a function to calculate the sum of all even Fibonacci numbers up to a given limit.
52. Write a function to find the sum of all prime factors of a given number.
53. Write a function to print a hollow mirrored right triangle pattern using nested loops.
54. Write a function to calculate the product of the digits of a given number using recursion.
55. Write a function to check if a given string is a palindrome ignoring case using a for loop.
56. Write a function to print the reverse of a given array using recursion.
57. Write a function to calculate the sum of the first N terms of the geometric sequence using recursion.
58. Write a function to find the sixth largest element in an array.
59. Write a function to check if a given number is a palindrome using bitwise operations and a recursive function.
60. Write a function to print a mirrored right triangle pattern of alphabets using nested loops.
61. Write a function to calculate the sum of all numbers divisible by 3 or 5 from 1 to N using a while loop.
62. Write a function to check if a given string is a substring of another string using recursion.
63. Write a function to print the reverse of a given string without using any loops.
64. Write a function to calculate the sum of all prime numbers between two given numbers using a while loop.
65. Write a function to check if a given number is a power of 2 using a for loop.
66. Write a function to print a hollow mirrored right triangle pattern of alphabets using nested loops.
67. Write a function to calculate the sum of the digits of a given number using bitwise operations and recursion.
68. Write a function to check if a given string is a palindrome using a stack and a queue.
69. Write a function to print the reverse of a given array without using recursion.
70. Write a function to calculate the sum of the squares of all numbers from 1 to N using a while loop.
71. Write a function to find the

 seventh largest element in an array.
72. Write a function to check if a given number is a palindrome using a recursive function and bitwise operations.
73. Write a function to print a hollow square star pattern with diagonal using nested loops.
74. Write a function to calculate the product of all even numbers from 1 to N using a while loop.
75. Write a function to check if a given string is an anagram using recursion.
76. Write a function to print the reverse of a given array without using any loops.
77. Write a function to calculate the sum of the first N terms of the geometric sequence using recursion.
78. Write a function to find the fifth largest element in an array.
79. Write a function to check if a given number is a palindrome using bitwise operations.
80. Write a function to print a hollow square star pattern with diagonal and borders using nested loops.
81. Write a function to calculate the sum of all prime numbers between two given numbers using a while loop.
82. Write a function to check if a given string is a valid URL using a for loop.
83. Write a function to print the reverse of a given string without using recursion.
84. Write a function to calculate the sum of the digits of a given number using bitwise operations.
85. Write a function to check if a given number is a palindrome using a stack.
86. Write a function to print the Floyd's triangle pattern using nested loops.
87. Write a function to calculate the sum of all odd Fibonacci numbers up to a given limit using a while loop.
88. Write a function to find the sum of all factors of a given number using a for loop.
89. Write a function to print a hollow square star pattern with diagonal and borders using nested loops.
90. Write a function to calculate the product of all odd numbers from 1 to N using a do-while loop.
91. Write a function to check if a given string is a palindrome using a stack and a queue.
92. Write a function to print the reverse of a given array without using recursion.
93. Write a function to check if a given number is a palindrome using a recursive function and bitwise operations.
94. Write a function to print the reverse of a given string without using any loops.
95. Write a function to calculate the sum of all even Fibonacci numbers up to a given limit using recursion.
96. Write a function to find the sum of all prime factors of a given number using recursion.
97. Write a function to print a hollow square star pattern with diagonal and borders using nested loops.
98. Write a function to calculate the product of the digits of a given number using recursion.
99. Write a function to check if a given string is a palindrome ignoring case using a stack.
100. Write a function to print the reverse of a given array using recursion.

These function-related problems cover a wide range of topics and challenges. You can modify and expand upon them to further develop your programming skills. Happy coding!