

1. Write a program that prints the numbers from 1 to 10 using a for loop.
2. Write a program that prints the even numbers from 1 to 20 using a while loop.
3. Write a program that calculates the sum of all numbers from 1 to 100 using a do-while loop.
4. Write a program that prints the multiplication table of a given number using a for loop.
5. Write a program that finds the factorial of a given number using a while loop.
6. Write a program that checks if a given number is prime using a for loop.
7. Write a program that prints the Fibonacci series up to a given limit using a while loop.
8. Write a program that calculates the sum of the digits of a given number using a do-while loop.
9. Write a program that generates and prints the first N terms of the geometric sequence using a for loop.
10. Write a program that prints a pyramid pattern using nested for loops.
11. Write a program that calculates the average of a set of numbers using a for loop.
12. Write a program that reverses a given number using a while loop.
13. Write a program that counts the number of vowels in a given string using a for loop.
14. Write a program that checks if a given string is a palindrome using a while loop.
15. Write a program that finds the largest element in an array using a for loop.
16. Write a program that calculates the factorial of a given number using a for loop and a user-defined function.
17. Write a program that calculates the sum of the first N terms of a given series using a while loop.
18. Write a program that prints a hollow square pattern using nested for loops.
19. Write a program that checks if a given number is Armstrong using a while loop.
20. Write a program that finds the GCD (Greatest Common Divisor) of two numbers using a for loop.
21. Write a program that counts the number of occurrences of a specific character in a given string using a while loop.
22. Write a program that prints the Pascal's triangle using nested for loops.
23. Write a program that checks if a given number is a perfect number using a for loop.
24. Write a program that reverses a given string using a do-while loop.
25. Write a program that calculates the sum of all even numbers from 1 to N using a for loop.
26. Write a program that finds the smallest element in an array using a while loop.
27. Write a program that checks if a given year is a leap year using a for loop.
28. Write a program that prints a hollow diamond pattern using nested for loops.
29. Write a program that generates and prints the first N terms of the arithmetic sequence using a while loop.
30. Write a program that checks if a given string is a palindrome using a for loop.
31. Write a program that calculates the sum of the digits of a given number using a recursive function.
32. Write a program that prints the ASCII values of all uppercase letters using a for loop.
33. Write a program that checks if a given number is a prime palindrome using a while loop.
34. Write a program that finds the sum of all prime numbers from 1 to N using a for loop.
35. Write a program that prints a right triangle pattern using nested for loops.
36. Write a program that calculates the power of a given number using a while loop.
37. Write a program that checks if a given string is an anagram using a for loop.
38. Write a program that prints the reverse of a given array using a do-while loop.
39. Write a program that calculates the sum of all odd numbers from 1 to N using a for loop.
40. Write a program that finds the second largest element in an array using a while loop.
41. Write a program that checks if a given number is a perfect square using a for loop.
42. Write a program that prints a diamond pattern using nested for loops.
43. Write a program that calculates the sum of the digits of a given number using recursion.
44. Write a program that prints the ASCII values of all lowercase letters using a while loop.
45. Write a program that checks if a given number is a palindrome using a do-while loop.
46. Write a program that finds the sum of all even digits in a given number using a for loop.
47. Write a program that prints a mirrored right triangle pattern using nested for loops.
48. Write a program that calculates the sum of all numbers divisible by 3 or 5 from 1 to N using a while loop.
49. Write a program that checks if a given string is a substring of another string using a for loop.
50. Write a program that prints the reverse of a given string using recursion.
51. Write a program that calculates the sum of all prime numbers from 1 to N using a do-while loop.
52. Write a program that finds the largest and smallest elements in an array using a for loop.
53. Write a program that checks if a given number is a perfect cube using a while loop.
54. Write a program that prints a hollow mirrored right triangle pattern using nested for loops.
55. Write a program that calculates the product of all digits in a given number using a for loop.
56. Write a program that checks if a given string is a substring of another string using recursion.
57. Write a program that prints the reverse of a given array using a while loop.
58. Write a program that calculates the sum of the squares of all numbers from 1 to N using a for loop.
59. Write a program that finds the second smallest element in an array using a do-while loop.
60. Write a program that checks if a given number is a palindrome using recursion.
61. Write a program that prints a mirrored right triangle pattern of alphabets using nested for loops.
62. Write a program that calculates the sum of all numbers divisible by 3 and 5 from 1 to N using a while loop.
63. Write a program that checks if a given string is a valid email address using a for loop.
64. Write a program that prints the reverse of a given string using a recursive function.
65. Write a program that calculates the sum of all even Fibonacci numbers up to a given limit using a for loop.
66. Write a program that finds the sum of all prime factors of a given number using a while loop.
67. Write a program that prints a hollow mirrored right triangle pattern of alphabets using nested for loops.
68. Write a program that calculates the product of the digits of a given number using recursion.
69. Write a program that checks if a given string is a palindrome ignoring case using a for loop.
70. Write a program that prints the reverse of a given array using recursion.
71. Write a program that calculates the sum of the cubes of all numbers from 1 to N using a while loop.
72. Write a program that finds the third largest element in an array using a for loop.
73. Write a program that checks if a given number is a palindrome using a recursive function.
74. Write a program that prints a mirrored rhombus pattern using nested for loops.
75. Write a program that calculates the sum of the series 1 - 2 + 3 - 4

 + ... up to N using a while loop.
76. Write a program that checks if a given string is a pangram using a for loop.
77. Write a program that prints the reverse of a given string without using any loops.
78. Write a program that calculates the sum of the first N prime numbers using recursion.
79. Write a program that finds the fourth smallest element in an array using a while loop.
80. Write a program that checks if a given number is a power of 2 using a for loop.
81. Write a program that prints a hollow mirrored rhombus pattern using nested for loops.
82. Write a program that calculates the product of all even numbers from 1 to N using a while loop.
83. Write a program that checks if a given string is an anagram using recursion.
84. Write a program that prints the reverse of a given array without using any loops.
85. Write a program that calculates the sum of the first N terms of the geometric sequence using recursion.
86. Write a program that finds the fifth largest element in an array using a for loop.
87. Write a program that checks if a given number is a palindrome using bitwise operations.
88. Write a program that prints a hollow square star pattern with diagonal using nested for loops.
89. Write a program that calculates the sum of all prime numbers between two given numbers using a while loop.
90. Write a program that checks if a given string is a valid URL using a for loop.
91. Write a program that prints the reverse of a given string without using recursion.
92. Write a program that calculates the sum of the digits of a given number using bitwise operations.
93. Write a program that checks if a given number is a palindrome using a stack.
94. Write a program that prints the Floyd's triangle pattern using nested for loops.
95. Write a program that calculates the sum of all odd Fibonacci numbers up to a given limit using a while loop.
96. Write a program that finds the sum of all factors of a given number using a for loop.
97. Write a program that prints a hollow square star pattern with diagonal and borders using nested for loops.
98. Write a program that calculates the product of all odd numbers from 1 to N using a do-while loop.
99. Write a program that checks if a given string is a palindrome using a stack and a queue.
100. Write a program that prints the reverse of a given array without using recursion.



Extra : 
Write a C program to print all natural numbers from 1 to n. – using while loop
Write a C program to print all natural numbers in reverse (from n to 1). – using while loop
Write a C program to print all alphabets from a to z. – using while loop
Write a C program to print all even numbers between 1 to 100. – using while loop
Write a C program to print all odd number between 1 to 100.
Write a C program to find sum of all natural numbers between 1 to n.
Write a C program to find sum of all even numbers between 1 to n.
Write a C program to find sum of all odd numbers between 1 to n.
Write a C program to print multiplication table of any number.
Write a C program to count number of digits in a number.
Write a C program to find first and last digit of a number.
Write a C program to find sum of first and last digit of a number.
Write a C program to swap first and last digits of a number.
Write a C program to calculate sum of digits of a number.
Write a C program to calculate product of digits of a number.
Write a C program to enter a number and print its reverse.
Write a C program to check whether a number is palindrome or not.
Write a C program to find frequency of each digit in a given integer.
Write a C program to enter a number and print it in words.
Write a C program to print all ASCII character with their values.
Write a C program to find power of a number using for loop.
Write a C program to find all factors of a number.
Write a C program to calculate factorial of a number.
Write a C program to find HCF (GCD) of two numbers.
Write a C program to find LCM of two numbers.
Write a C program to check whether a number is Prime number or not.
Write a C program to print all Prime numbers between 1 to n.
Write a C program to find sum of all prime numbers between 1 to n.
Write a C program to find all prime factors of a number.
Write a C program to check whether a number is Armstrong number or not.
Write a C program to print all Armstrong numbers between 1 to n.
Write a C program to check whether a number is Perfect number or not.
Write a C program to print all Perfect numbers between 1 to n.
Write a C program to check whether a number is Strong number or not.
Write a C program to print all Strong numbers between 1 to n.
Write a C program to print Fibonacci series up to n terms.
Write a C program to find one’s complement of a binary number.
Write a C program to find two’s complement of a binary number.
Write a C program to convert Binary to Octal number system.
Write a C program to convert Binary to Decimal number system.
Write a C program to convert Binary to Hexadecimal number system.
Write a C program to convert Octal to Binary number system.
Write a C program to convert Octal to Decimal number system.
Write a C program to convert Octal to Hexadecimal number system.
Write a C program to convert Decimal to Binary number system.
Write a C program to convert Decimal to Octal number system.
Write a C program to convert Decimal to Hexadecimal number system.
Write a C program to convert Hexadecimal to Binary number system.
Write a C program to convert Hexadecimal to Octal number system.
Write a C program to convert Hexadecimal to Decimal number system.
Write a C program to print Pascal triangle upto n rows.
Star pattern programs – Write a C program to print the given star patterns.
Number pattern programs – Write a C program to print the given number patterns.
