Easy Problems:
1.Even or Odd Number

2.Write a program to check if a number entered by the user is even or odd using an if-else condition.
Positive or Negative Number

3.Write a program to check if a number is positive, negative, or zero using if-else.
Grade Evaluation

4.Write a program to evaluate the grade of a student based on marks (using if-else if):
If marks are between 90-100, print "A".
If marks are between 80-89, print "B".
If marks are between 70-79, print "C".
Else print "Fail".
Largest of Two Numbers

5.Write a program to find the larger of two numbers using if-else.
Character Case Check

6.Write a program that checks if a character is a lowercase or uppercase letter using if-else.
Medium Problems:
Leap Year Check

7.Write a program to check whether a given year is a leap year or not using if-else if:
A year is a leap year if it is divisible by 4, but not divisible by 100, unless it's divisible by 400.
Divisibility Check

8.Write a program to check if a number is divisible by 3, 5, or both using if-else.
Switch Case for Days of the Week

9.Write a program to print the day of the week based on a number entered by the user (1 for Monday, 2 for Tuesday, etc.) using the switch statement.
Quadrant of a Point

10.Write a program to determine the quadrant of a point (x, y) in a coordinate system:
First quadrant: x > 0, y > 0
Second quadrant: x < 0, y > 0
Third quadrant: x < 0, y < 0
Fourth quadrant: x > 0, y < 0
Vowel or Consonant

11.Write a program that checks if a given character is a vowel or consonant using switch.
Hard Problems:
Find the Largest of Three Numbers

12.Write a program to find the largest number among three numbers using if-else if conditions.
Menu-Based Calculator

13.Write a program that presents the user with a menu of choices:
Add
Subtract
Multiply
Divide
The program should take input based on the user’s choice and perform the corresponding operation using the switch statement.

14. Quadrant of a Point (Using if-else if)
Problem: Write a program to determine the quadrant of a point (x, y) in a coordinate system.

Conditions:

First quadrant: x > 0, y > 0
Second quadrant: x < 0, y > 0
Third quadrant: x < 0, y < 0
Fourth quadrant: x > 0, y < 0

15.

 Menu-Based Calculator (Using switch)
Problem: Write a program that presents the user with a menu of choices:

Add
Subtract
Multiply
Divide

16. 
 1. factial
 2. finonacci 
 3. prime 