Certainly! Here are 60 pointer-related problems categorized by label:

Basic Level:
1. Write a program to declare and initialize a pointer variable.
2. Write a program to access the value stored at a pointer address.
3. Write a program to swap two numbers using pointers.
4. Write a program to find the length of a string using pointers.
5. Write a program to print the elements of an array using pointers.

Intermediate Level:
6. Write a program to dynamically allocate memory for an integer using pointers.
7. Write a program to find the sum of elements in an array using pointers.
8. Write a program to reverse a string using pointers.
9. Write a program to check if a given string is a palindrome using pointers.
10. Write a program to sort an array in ascending order using pointers.

Advanced Level:
11. Write a program to find the maximum element in an array using pointers.
12. Write a program to concatenate two strings using pointers.
13. Write a program to check if a given number is prime using pointers.
14. Write a program to swap two strings using pointers.
15. Write a program to calculate the factorial of a number using pointers.

Dynamic Memory Allocation:
16. Write a program to dynamically allocate memory for an array using pointers.
17. Write a program to find the sum of elements in a dynamically allocated array using pointers.
18. Write a program to copy the contents of one array to another using pointers.
19. Write a program to reverse an array using pointers.
20. Write a program to delete an element from an array using pointers.

Pointer Arithmetic:
21. Write a program to increment a variable using pointer arithmetic.
22. Write a program to decrement a variable using pointer arithmetic.
23. Write a program to add two numbers using pointer arithmetic.
24. Write a program to subtract two numbers using pointer arithmetic.
25. Write a program to calculate the average of an array using pointer arithmetic.

Pointer to Pointers:
26. Write a program to declare and use a pointer to a pointer variable.
27. Write a program to pass a pointer to a function and modify its value.
28. Write a program to swap two variables using pointer to pointer.
29. Write a program to allocate memory dynamically for a pointer using pointer to pointer.
30. Write a program to find the maximum element in a 2D array using pointer to pointer.

Pointer to Functions:
31. Write a program to declare and use a pointer to a function.
32. Write a program to pass a function pointer as a parameter to another function.
33. Write a program to implement a callback function using a function pointer.
34. Write a program to create an array of function pointers and invoke them dynamically.
35. Write a program to implement function overloading using function pointers.

Pointer to Structures:
36. Write a program to declare and use a pointer to a structure variable.
37. Write a program to access the members of a structure using a pointer to a structure variable.
38. Write a program to dynamically allocate memory for a structure using a pointer to a structure variable.
39. Write a program to pass a structure pointer to a function and modify its members.
40. Write a program to sort an array of structures using a pointer to a structure variable.

Pointer and Strings:
41. Write a program to count the number of vowels in a string using pointers.
42. Write a program to find the length of a string using pointers and pointer arithmetic.
43. Write a program to concatenate two strings without using any string library functions.
44. Write a program to check if two strings are equal using pointers.
45. Write a program to reverse a string using pointers and pointer arithmetic.

Pointer and File Operations:
46. Write a program to read and write a file using pointers.
47. Write a program to count the number of words in a file using pointers.
48. Write a program to search for a specific word in a file using pointers.
49. Write a program to copy the contents of one file to another using pointers.
50. Write a program to encrypt and decrypt a file using pointers.

Pointer and Data Structures:
51. Write a program to implement a linked list using pointers.
52. Write a program to implement a stack using pointers.
53. Write a program to implement a queue using pointers.
54. Write a program to implement a binary tree using pointers.
55. Write a program to implement a hash table using pointers.

Pointer and Dynamic Memory Management:
56. Write a program to allocate and deallocate memory dynamically using pointers.
57. Write a program to implement a memory management system using pointers.
58. Write a program to implement a garbage collector using pointers.
59. Write a program to detect and handle memory leaks using pointers.
60. Write a program to implement a memory pool using pointers.

These pointer-related problems cover a wide range of concepts and scenarios and will help you strengthen your understanding and skills in working with pointers in C programming. Good luck with your programming!